# liuzhenqi77-reprocourse-final

1. Project organization

The project is well organized and filenames are in general self-explanatory as seen by tree -L 3. 
Following TIER Protocol 3.0 is a good way to go about this.

├── Analysis-Data
│   ├── edge_costs.pickle
│   ├── path_motifs.pickle
│   └── rc.pickle
├── Command-Files
│   └── script_20181116_submit.py
├── Dockerfile
├── Documents
│   ├── NEUR-602-Paper.pdf
│   ├── NEUR-602-Repro-Final-Presentation.pdf
│   └── tex-source
│       ├── arxiv.sty
│       ├── figures
│       ├── references.bib
│       └── template.tex
├── LICENSE
├── Original-Data
│   └── GR_Dataset_n2x40.mat
└── README.md


2. Content
  - The choice of the project is excellent. Very little work if any has been done to reproduce neuroimaging 
    graph analysis results. 
    The analysis of how hard it was to find a paper that could be reproduced is in itself an interesting result.
  - The reproducibility tested here are 
    * The capacity of a reader to understand what exactly was performed from the original paper
    * The implemenation of Brainconn compared to the original BCT matlab code. 
  - The analysis starts with the mat file that has already processed data - it would have been interesting 
    to discuss the reproducibility with original data, as well as the replication.
  - The cause of the differences between original and reproduced results could have been investigated more:
    if there is some random initialization, what do other runs of the rich club detection produce ? how 
    could we investigating where the differences come from? are these differences "significant" statistically 
    or biologically ?
    

3. Code
  - The code is reasonable. A simple 
  >$ python script_20181116_submit.py
  yields the following error
  File "script_20181116_submit.py", line 57
    with open(f'{path:}.pickle', 'wb') as f:
  This is because I was running 3.5 and not 3.6. I recommend that code runs on older versions of python. 
  - There is no requirements.txt - which makes it hard to get all the packages. It took me 30' to get 
  the appropriate environment. 
  - tkinker seems to require a system level install of python3-tk, which should be mentioned in the README.
  - When the environment was finally correct (I used virtualenv for this) the code ran with a few warnings
    but produced the desired output.
  - command line options could have been provided: it is generally not good practice to use commenting
  
4. Suggestions
  - Latex: include which exact version of latex has been used - in an ideal world you could do a docker container for this
  - template.tex should be called "NEUR-602-paper.tex" or similar. Naming files / functions with names that convey meaning is important.
  - code : see above. 

5. Conclusion
  - this is a very good project, I appreciated the work and congratulate you for it. 


